Arabic Spring " Revolutions"
After defeating colonization, Arab peoples started to feel hopeful about a prosperous future.
that their efforts to kick out colonization, is not in vain. Unfortunately, ruling regimes didn't meet peoples' hope for Freedom and Justice,
not even coping with scientific and industrial development. Their life was the furthest from prosperity.
During decades, many layers of political and financial corruption have piled.
Life conditions in these countries, have deteriorated in all fields .
Corruption reached citizens' daily life, people felt their livelihood and their health is threatened.
Some jobs became restricted to some specific classes. Unemployment spread due to governments' failure in applying projects.
Arab citizens suffered a lot hoping for a better future. Though, abstention continued a lot, middle classes disappeared, expensiveness spread and corruption kept increasing.
Ruling regimes didn't know that they had implanted revolution seeds and that pressing with congestion has to lead to an explosion.
Peoples upraised against dictators to start a new phase of looking for justice and freedom.
It became valued more than any time that human rights have to stand before any other demands.